( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
You killed him.
The money we transferred overseas.
Keep it.
Consider it your fee for helping me.
After you get out,
don't contact me again.
It's best for you
and me.
Wang Min.
Do you really
have no feelings for me at all?
Come on.
Feelings.
We are all adults.
Don't be so childish.
Our common goal has been accomplished.
Let's part on good terms,
okay?
By the way.
If you are caught,
you'd better think clearly
about what to say.
There are still ten hours before the ship leaves.
You'd better run as fast as you can.
Those police are not to be trifled with.
Thank you.
No matter where you are now,
get your ass back here immediately.
If you can't,
don't ever come back.
Okay.
Master.
After a night of interrogation,
Xu Xing's bodyguard finally confessed.
He said
Xu Xing told him to pose as a mechanic
and tamper with Zhao Wenbing's car.
The man on the repair shop's surveillance camera is him.
Keep interrogating him.
There must be more shocking news.
Got it.
Okay.
Okay, I got it.
Captain Gu,
the team staking out Zhao Wenbing's house called.
They said Zhao Wenbing has returned home.
Good.
It seems Qiu Chen's plan is working.
What is all this mess?
Adultery,
corruption...
You'd better explain this clearly.
Old man,
let's talk this out.
Don't get agitated.
I sent you to the best schools
and found you the best teachers,
so you'd walk the righteous path,
be an honest person,
and do things steadily.
Look at you now.
The person who knows the law best,
commits adultery,
corruption,
and breaks the rules.
You are a disgrace to the Zhao family.
Stop hitting him.
Go,
fetch the genealogy book.
I want to strike this unfilial son from it.
Our Zhao family
cannot have such a disgrace.
Ouch.
A member of the Zhao family,
I'd rather not be one.
I was forced into this by all of you.
I will beat you to death.
Or I'm not your father today.
Dad.
You never treated me like your son.
Since childhood,
I've had enough of being your good son.
You're so noble,
you're incorruptible,
you're amazing.
No.
So I have to learn from you in every way,
listen to you in everything.
Ah, I have to study well,
excel at work,
and be submissive before you, the leader,
obedient and sensible.
In your eyes,
I have never been myself.
Dad,
Mom.
It was you
step by step
who forced me to become like this.
Call the police.
Call the police,
send him to the police station.
To the police station?
It's too late.
Oh.
I forgot to tell you.
I also killed someone.
Ah.
What did you say?
Yes.
I killed someone.
You killed someone?
But listen carefully.
From now on,
I will never be controlled by you again.
From your hands,
I will take myself back.
This is
the money to repay you for raising me.
It's enough for your retirement.
Starting today...
Whether I
live or die
has nothing to do with you.
Xiaowen, come back.
Let him get out.
Come back!
Old man,
what's wrong with you?
What's wrong?
Is anyone there?
Two points short.
You didn't get a perfect score again.
Go to the dark room by yourself.
The teacher said you have a tendency for puppy love.
Zhou Yu.
These might be the tools used to modify Li Xiaoru's bathtub.
New discovery.
The Cyber Division hacked into Zhao Wenbing's computer.
There was an encrypted file inside.
When I opened it,
it was full of videos and photos of him torturing stray cats.
Open this photo.
This picture.
What's wrong with it?
There's a piece of clothing wrapped under the cat's body.
Not only is there cat's blood on it,
but the clothing itself also seems to have blood stains.
Zoom in here.
Is this the character 'Wang'?
The owner of this clothing is Zhou Yu.
Also a student at Jiangcheng University.
And even won
the championship in this competition.
Look here.
Keep looking
and see if there are any more videos of this cat.
I suspect that
this Zhao Wenbing
not only abused cats,
but also bullied Zhou Yu.
Furthermore,
he keeps these videos and photos
as trophies.
It's this one.
All right.
Stop looking.
This guy is also a psychopath.
Captain Gu.
You guys go interrogate Zhao Wenbing again.
I'll go check on Zhou Yu again.
Okay.
Be careful.
This.
This is the surveillance footage of you
entering Li Xiaoru's house on the day of her death.
And this.
This is your hair found in the bathtub brand's office.
Zhao Wenbing.
You are a smart man
who knows the law.
You should know very well
that at this point,
pleading guilty and accepting the punishment
is your only way out.
Don't be too clever for your own good anymore.
Don't forget,
it is the police
who have been trying everything to save you.
And this.
These are the records of you using Li Xiaoru's account
to purchase tetrodotoxin.
You used this to murder Xu Xing.
Is that so?
That's right.
I killed him.
But I wasn't the one who poisoned Xu Xing.
It was Wang Min.
But you are the mastermind.
You knew Xu Xing liked to eat while playing games.
So you asked Wang Min to smear
tetrodotoxin on his keyboard.
Tetrodotoxin is extremely toxic.
Just 0.5 milligrams can kill a person.
Zhao Wenbing.
Do you think you have a superior IQ,
and secretly look down on everyone,
including the police?
But I'm telling you,
you miscalculated this time.
Xu Xing.
You are not dead.
Zhao Wenbing.
I admit you are smarter than me,
but in the end,
I choose to trust the police.
Dying in a game
is indeed normal.
But in real life,
you and I
only have one life.
What do you mean?
As long as I can live,
I'm willing to cooperate with you.
Sir,
I'd like to ask you
about Zhou Yu's situation in class.
How did he behave in class?
Did he have
any classmates he didn't get along with?
Well, he behaved quite well in class.
His grades were also good,
and he won awards.
Do you know where he lives?
I'm not too sure about that.
But I do know
he seemed to live with his mother.
Also,
his mother is not in good health.
Mhm.
Sir,
we've learned enough.
Mhm.
We'll be leaving now.
Okay.
Let's go.
Alright.
Goodbye.
Hello, Master.
I just bought some steamed buns.
We've questioned
Xu Xing's college classmates and teachers.
We learned that when they were in college,
they often had conflicts with a classmate named Zhou Yu.
It wasn't a conflict.
It was bullying.
Exactly.
The teachers called it a conflict,
but actually,
I think it was bullying.
They often bullied Zhou Yu.
The worst time, they even threw acid on his face,
causing him to be disfigured.
Sigh.
He later chose to drop out.
But the four of them
successfully graduated.
I found Zhou Yu's address.
He's been living in Baiyun Neighborhood near the university.
I'm heading there now.
Okay, we'll head there right away.
Zhou Yu.